Job Q&A

1. Tell me about yourself ?   ( make it brief, short "The Past-Present-Future Method" )
ANS,
“Well, I have joined to Amadeus in UK since 2001. At the moment Amadeus was just like a toddler
in GDS market.     I was happy to work with keep growing Amadeus IT group which is now 
market leading GDS(global distribution services) in the world.

I am currently looking for new challenge and the opportunity to contribute my experienced IT skills.
I have a passion for developing, maintaining, and S/W design architecture, 
So, I believe XXX is the company to challange in my next job career. 
I'd love to bring my Java, Python, Django and understanding Networking protocols 
into the constantly growing company like XXX.” 

2. Why do you want to work here?
ANS,
"I was impressed with Samsung’s success and visions for the future 
as well as the reputation in various industry area. 
(for example, the mobile phone has a strong point against competitors.
Samsung has best technologies on both H/W and S/W but Apple doesn't have H/W.)”

I would be honored to work for a company which is growing like yours and I am confident 
that 20 more years IT experience and skills can be put to use whatever needed to the company’s mission.
Probably this could be my last challenge  in my job career before retirement.

3. What interests you most about this position ?
ANS,
“This position is the opportunity for me to work hands-on with my current job skills. 
I would be happy to add my various programming, debugging and maintaining expierence
and passing on my Java, Python and Django knowledge with MySQL DB.”

4. Why should we hire you ?
ANS,
“No one can learn software engineering in a month, or even a year. 
I have been learning for the past 20 more years and I am still learning today.”

IT is keep evolving and my IT skills also keep following the evolution.
I'm very positive in terms of satisfying requirements and solving problems with new skills. 

I believe XXX is growing and has bright business model. 
If i can add my 30 years IT experience and programming skills to XXX's groth, 
it would be great opportunity for me as well.

5. What are your strengths?
ANS,
I have various, strong IT background from legacy Mainframe O/S to cutting edge Microservices.

6. What are your weaknesses?
ANS,
Because of my job career as a developer, i'm getting use to talk to machine, rather than human.
So i needed a social sports club to improve my weakness.

7. What is your greatest accomplishment(achievement)?
ANS,
 <> Django Project.
 My rescent Django project was MSXViewer which is a RESTful API.
 In brief,
 When the client API calls a HTTPrequest with a URI(endpoint address)
 The server returns the HTTPresponse with JSON data which is including 
 the MQ configurations. Django REST framework has been used for developement. 
 And it's run on Tomcat as MSXViewer API. It's one of our Microservices APIs.
 
 <> Python project.
 I think, Python is a general-purpose programming language.
 My first Python project(i developed) was Injector API
 connecting to the mainframe (via TN3270 IBM terminal emulator).
 It was daily boilerplate job to fetch data from the host system
 and to create a report which was used for analysing customer's resource usage. 
 It was really good to save time for a person not to hang on a routine job. 
 
 And the other cases are,
 When we run 16 MQ hub boxes which create huge volume of log files,
 So i had to develope an automation program that checks up the aged files
 and remove them. And also monitoring servers to check up if it's working or not.
 
 (Personally, i created my own dictionary project to use, learn & develope
 core python skills like GUI programming(PYQT5), DB access, Networking, 
 SSH connection etc,)
 
 <> Java Project
 My last project was MSXViewer which is a RESTful API.
 In brief,
 When the client API calls a request with a URI(endpoint address)
 It returns the response with JSON format data which is including 
 the MQ definitions. JAX-RS & jersey has been used for developement. 
 And it's run on Tomcat as MSXViewer API. It's one of our Microservices APIs.
 
 And years ago, i was maintaining JBOSS web server(MQHCV).
 which has been used for MQ operation team.
 The application has a couple of functions(Crawler, Feeder, JBoss/Seam application ).

 Crawler is a shell script program which can be run by crontab entry to download 
 internally listed config files from the Server via SSH.
 At the same time, it calls Feeder for every downloaded file to store into database.
 MySQL(MariaDB) was used under Linux which supports MQ-Hub in Amadeus.
 
8. Describe a time you dealt with a conflict at work?
ANS,
I had once my colleague blamed my C++ skills which is almost new to me at the moment.
So i took for granted it and bagged an advice for idea to solve the issue.
Well, it took a time but we managed to sort out the problem and our relationship too.

9. Why are you leaving your job?
ANS,
It's long story but to say short,our team role has been changed to operations in Nice
which means no more developement required. 
So i'm looking for another company to contribute my S/W programing and debugging skills. 

I was happy to work with keep growing Amadeus IT group which is now 
market leading GDS(global distribution services) in the world.
I believe It’s good time to challenge for another opportunity. 

In the 1980s, 
Monolithic mainframes were most popular computer system architectures, 
but Information Technology continues to evolve.
Nowadays, Microservices are the trend of Computer business.)

Note,
So far in 2018, SaaS(Software-as-a-Service) is 
the most utilised cloud service for 65% of Index respondents, 
followed by IaaS(Infrastructure-as-a-Service) (58%) 
and Security-as-a-Service (49%).


10. What is your dream job?
ANS,
“My dream job was a mechanical engineer of inventing energy efficient system 
that could make a better life for a human being.

If i'm getting a chance to share my IT skills with IOT business,
I would be excited about the position because It means my dream come true.

(Millions of people use Samsung’s products each day and it seems like the work 
you’re doing is having a big impact in the world.”)

11. Where do you see yourself in 5 years?

12. Are you interviewing with any other companies?
13. How would your friends describe you?
14. What are 3 positive things your last boss would say about you?
15. What kind of things do you like to do outside of work?

16. Do you have any questions for me?  "Now it’s your turn to shine."
ANS,  
First of all,
“It was really great meeting with you today. Thank you so much for your time,”

Would you let me know what kind of project is planned for this role if there is?

I'm interested in getting this job, and also surely believe about my 30 years
various IT expierences will be able to adapt to whatever was expected. (of me). 


 

17. The most frequently asked RESTful Web services interview questions:
ANS,
Web services, a very well-known term when we talk about exchanging some sort of data 
between multiple applications.

Based on the client-server model(microservices), these services can be used by 
multiple software application written in various languages 
and also, it has an advantage of running on various platforms.

Likewise, REST (Representational State Transfer) is also based on stateless microservice 
architecture, which can be easily accessed over the network and is identified by URIs
(Uniform Resource Identifier).

